# Kherlen Bayasgalan (Brian030601) - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview

+ TaskLinker is a CLI-tool for university students to memorize flashcards,
  review, and track them through their calendar. The calendar can also be
  used for tracking general events in their normal and academic life.

## Summary of Contributions

### Code contribution

My code contribution can be found in the following link:
[[Click Here To See] ](https://nus-cs2113-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=brian030601&breakdown=false&sort=groupTitle%20dsc&sortWithin=title&since=2023-09-22&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos)

I Implemented calendar-related classes and methods listed here: AddEventCommand
, DeleteAllEventsCommand , DeleteEventCommand , EventCommand , FindEventCommand , 
ListCalendarEventsCommand , Implemented calendar-related exceptions , EventList, CalendarManager, 
& CalendarCommandParser. I was able to implement those classes based on my 
teammate's architecture. I also implemented exceptions for most of the commands and
added JavaDoc on each method.

### Contributions to the UG

I wrote around half of the UG. I added the calendar section on UG demonstrating
the capabilities of the calendar component. I included the format and example cases
for those features. I also added a Q&A and command summary for the calendar.

**Sections I wrote / added**
+ Wrote the calendar component of the user guide with explanations/examples
+ Added on the Q&A for calendar component
+ Added on command summary for the calendar

### Contributions to the DG

I also wrote half of the DG. I added overall ULM design and additional
part for the DG. The parts I wrote can be found below:

+ Wrote the acknowledgement
+ Drew the overall design UML
+ Wrote the overall design & architecture
+ Wrote calendar component
+ Wrote half of the user stories
+ Wrote the Non-Functional Requirements
+ Wrote the Glossary
+ Wrote the Instructions for manual testing

#### Enhancements implemented
- **Calendar**
  - **What it does**: Adds, deletes, finds, and lists events and goals. 
  Handles exceptions to prevent program crash. Integrates flashcard goals 
  for the calendar.
  - **Justification**: As our team discussed, Calendar is the second main component
  of the program because we integrate calendar with flashcards. So, implementing
  calendar was an integral part.
  - **Enhancements**: In v1.0, only events could be edited. In v2.0, calendar
  and the flashcards are integrated.
  - **Highlights**: The implementation took awhile as there was difficult part
  of integrating two different packages together.

### Review/mentoring contributions

+ Reviewed formatting of calendar storage & dual event
+ Reviewed Duke and DukeTest

### Contributions beyond the project team:

+ Reviewed and left comments on other team's projects during 
tutorial hours. The links for the evidence can be found [here](/Users/brian/Desktop/Colgate/NUS Fall 2023/CS2113/Team Project/docs/photo/Screenshot 2023-11-13 at 23.42.45.png)
and [here](/Users/brian/Desktop/Colgate/NUS Fall 2023/CS2113/Team Project/docs/photo/Screenshot 2023-11-13 at 23.44.32.png).


### Contributions to team-based tasks

- I came to weekly meetings and contributed to the group through sharing my ideas.
- I helped update our Google Doc weekly for it to reflect our progress
- I communicated with other team members on Telegram to discuss and share project
development and progress.
- I fixed errors in teammates' codes.
- I helped create user stories.
- I set up some issue trackers.
- Contributed during tutorial questions.
- I fixed some PE Dry-run team issues.