docs/UserGuide.md, before:

# User Guide

## Introduction

QuizHUB is a local desktop app designed to help NUS students easily record examinable questions and generate quizzes 
from their very own question bank to test their understanding via a Command Line Interface (CLI). Easily launchable 
on the go, QuizHUB is a versatile tool that aims to streamline and optimize the revision experience for NUS students 
from all fields of study.

## Quick Start

1. Ensure that you have Java 11 or above installed.
1. Down the latest version of `QuizHub` from [here](http://link.to/duke).

## Features 

1. help - shows the list of commands you can use
2. short [question]/[answer]/[module]/[difficulty] - adds a short answer question and its answer to the list,
3. list - shows the list of questions and answers,
4. delete [question number] - deletes the question and answer at the specified number,
5. find /[description] - displays all questions that contains the the specified description,
6. find /[module] - displays all questions that belong to the specified module,
7. edit [question number] /description [description] - edits the description of the question with the specified number,
8. edit [question number] /answer [answer] - edits the answer to the question with the specified number,
9. start /[quiz mode] [start details] /[qn mode] - starts the quiz with option for /module or /all and /random or 
/normal,
10. shuffle - shuffle quiz questions to a random order,
11. markdiff [question number] [question difficulty] - sets the difficulty of question with the specified number,
12. bye - exits the program

### Getting help on using the app `help`
Assist new users in getting to speed with the application. Provide a list of commands for the user to get started 
with the essentials. An instance of /help will be activated at the start. /help with a specific command thereafter will 
provide greater details on how to utilize that command.

Format: `help`

* The `DEADLINE` can be in a natural language format.
* The `TODO_NAME` cannot contain punctuation.  

Example of usage: 

* Command:`help` <br>
Output: /add - … /start - …

Notes:
* If the command does not exist after /help, the app will prompt you that the command does not exist and thereafter 
activate /help to list all the commands
* Ver 1.0 will only list commands. Future versions will include auto-filling and scrolling 
(multiple pages of the help menu)


## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another computer? 

**A**: {your answer here}

## Command Summary

{Give a 'cheat sheet' of commands here}

* Add todo `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`

Commit message:

Add UG for /list and /short commands

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

# User Guide

## Introduction

QuizHUB is a local desktop app designed to help NUS students easily record examinable questions and generate quizzes 
from their very own question bank to test their understanding via a Command Line Interface (CLI). Easily launchable 
on the go, QuizHUB is a versatile tool that aims to streamline and optimize the revision experience for NUS students 
from all fields of study.

## Quick Start

1. Ensure that you have Java 11 or above installed.
1. Down the latest version of `QuizHub` from [here](http://link.to/duke).

## Features 

1. help - shows the list of commands you can use
2. short [question]/[answer]/[module]/[difficulty] - adds a short answer question and its answer to the list,
3. list - shows the list of questions and answers,
4. delete [question number] - deletes the question and answer at the specified number,
5. find /[description] - displays all questions that contains the the specified description,
6. find /[module] - displays all questions that belong to the specified module,
7. edit [question number] /description [description] - edits the description of the question with the specified number,
8. edit [question number] /answer [answer] - edits the answer to the question with the specified number,
9. start /[quiz mode] [start details] /[qn mode] - starts the quiz with option for /module or /all and /random or 
/normal,
10. shuffle - shuffle quiz questions to a random order,
11. markdiff [question number] [question difficulty] - sets the difficulty of question with the specified number,
12. bye - exits the program

### Getting help on using the app `help`
Assist new users in getting to speed with the application. Provide a list of commands for the user to get started 
with the essentials. An instance of /help will be activated at the start. /help with a specific command thereafter will 
provide greater details on how to utilize that command.

Format: `help`

* The `DEADLINE` can be in a natural language format.
* The `TODO_NAME` cannot contain punctuation.  

Example of usage: 

* Command:`help` <br>
Output: /add - … /start - …

Notes:
* If the command does not exist after /help, the app will prompt you that the command does not exist and thereafter 
activate /help to list all the commands
* Ver 1.0 will only list commands. Future versions will include auto-filling and scrolling 
(multiple pages of the help menu)

### Adding questions and their answers to bank `short`
Adds a new short question and its answer to the question and answer bank along with the assigned module and
difficulty level.

Format: `short [question]/[answer]/[module]/[difficulty]`

Examples:
* Command: add What is the value of Pi to 2 decimal places?/3.14/math/easy <br>
Output: Question-Answer set added to bank!
* Command: add What fish is Nemo based off?/a Clownfish/trivia/easy <br>
Output: Question-Answer set added to bank!

Notes:
* If either the question or answer is left blank, the app will prompt you to re-enter the question-answer set, 
the app does not support blank questions/answers

### List Questions `list`
List all the questions from the question bank from the storage

Format: `list`

Examples:
* Command: list <br>
Output:<br>
1: [S][] 2 / 4 | num | EASY <br>
2: [S][] hi / hihi | word | EASY <br>
3: [S][] 6 / 12 | num | EASY <br>


## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another computer? 

**A**: {your answer here}

## Command Summary

{Give a 'cheat sheet' of commands here}

* Add todo `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`
